Just DMing right now. I don't know if we should cut this out. I just don't listen to podcast. So I have no idea what we're doing is
I'm sponsored by Tintree. No, I'm not. What is Tintree? It's a brand, a clothing brand. Oh, it's like, it's like an actual hat that you buy from a place that makes hats. Yeah, that you buy from a place that makes hats. That's right. You thought it was actually like a, like a swag item or something. It's usually the case, you know. Yeah, usually. No, it's a company called Tintree. They, uh, they plant tintrees for every item you buy. Oh, wow. Kind of cool. Kind of like the guy who the Tom guy.
Who gave away shoes to poor people every time he bought shoes. Oh, yeah, probably for them. It's probably selfish. There's probably some corporate tax right off or something. I don't know. But you feel warm and fuzzy when you do it. Yeah. Have you seen those videos that there's like, there's a few cases of this. It's like, it'll be someone that just grew a force in 10 years or something. And have you seen them walk around and plant trees? No. It's, it's really crazy. They'll have like a sack full, like little saplings. And do they like throw them into the ground or something? Yeah. Why do I know this step?
And in like one motion, they'll like, they'll do something with some kind of tool and they'll like plant the tree. And then they're doing like one every like couple of seconds.
I guess I have seen this or I had a dream because I can, I can picture someone doing that. Like they're kind of like throwing a little sapling in like really fast. Yeah. Yeah, huh. It's crazy. The other thing though is have you seen there's this funny thing where, um, there's human made force and they'll grow and they kind of look. Oh, like, wow, that's pretty impressive. Like, we made this forest.
Then you'll see a side by a side shot with like an actual force and it's like way more chaotic and like crazy. Like just can't, it's hard to replicate that can't replicate nature. Does it have like, I wonder if it has downstream effects for like habitats for animals? Like they can't live there. Yeah, it's definitely less robust and and stuff like that. Yeah. It's like we plopped a, like a suburb in the middle of the field and we're like, move in. Come on, animals.
- We're good at this stuff. We're humans. We build things. We look at this forest.
- Liz showed me this video yesterday where it was one of those, oh, day in my life type of things.
But with this woman in South Africa, I don't know if you saw it, but it's like her with her young kids.
And they live in this complex. It's an apartment complex.
Then they like, they leave and they walk. And I'm like super happy, like, oh, I love living here.
Like, now this is my day, blah, blah. And they're walking and there's like this paved over area.
And they walk to like this cafeteria where they like, they're served dinner.
And it's like this crazy, weirdly structured life.
Like the whole community seems like they take care of everything for you.
- It's like a movie. - And it plays on designated eat area.
- It's like Pleasantville or something? - Yeah, it's exactly.
- There's a movie like that, right? - Yeah, exactly. It's like one of those like type of weird movies.
And it's just so weird to me that going to, and like the dad met them after work at the cafeteria.
It's like eating a cafeteria as a family. It's something just weird about that, you know?
It feels like there's something, this is like post-apocalyptic and they were able to survive in this community or something.
- I'm going to say something and you're going to make fun of me because I'm that boring white family
that moves in with the white Tesla in your neighborhood in the big cube box.
We looked at a neighborhood like this, like this crazy planned community in Florida
where they had like this whole main street with like all these shops
and there's like little like electric go-karts that everyone can just ride around freely and leave forever.
- Golf carts? - Or golf carts. Yeah, golf carts.
- They had like-- - Golf carts would be fun.
- They had like multi-seat bikes where like families could hop on a bike and ride it,
but you just like leave them laying wherever. It's like the whole community.
The whole, it has like a store, like a grocery store and like a, whatever, town center.
There's just like this whole thing played out and like your whole life just lives in this little community
or this big community. It's like a huge amount of Florida, whatever.
What's that called? Not the swamp. They like converted a bunch of--
- Was this literally like Disney? 'Cause Orlando is famously, or like Disney has famously these like planned--
- Oh, really? - Back when like Walt Disney was still alive, like they were doing all this crazy stuff.
There's parts of Disney World in Florida that are like planned communities like that.
- Where you can live there? - Yeah, it's like designed by Disney.
- Now this was South Florida. It was a, I think it's somewhere between like Naples and Fort Myers.
It was a, it was this X NFL player that like retired and built this community. I don't know.
- Interesting. - It was interesting. I'll find the name of it.
But it definitely had those vibes like everybody's just like wearing the same thing and like,
"Hi, neighbor!" Like creepy kind of vibes. But we considered it.
And it's like everyone has to build one of these like three different types of houses.
And you have to choose one of these builders.
- I mean, my parents, my parents house is one of those type of situations. It's like one of five models.
- That was very interesting. - It's crazy when real estate developers go beyond the house and they're like,
"Okay, we gotta like make this more attractive. So we're gonna build these like businesses and everything."
It's like kind of one cohesive thing. I definitely got the appeal. Like there's definitely like,
like a lot of stuff just taken care of for you. But the reason I thought of this was it's like the forest.
Like when you do a centrally planned thing, it's just gonna feel off.
Like no matter how hard you try. What's interesting is my neighborhood in New York, Battery Park,
it's somewhat of a planned community, more so than like any other part of New York.
'Cause it used to be a landfill. - It's like the very tip, right?
- Yeah. - It used to be like the tip of, yeah, okay.
- It used to be a landfill. So basically when they would, yeah, when they would like dig up--
- They used to be a landfill. - Wow. New York City landfill.
- But they would dig up like other parts of New York to like build stuff.
They would just dump everything off the coast in the Hudson.
And eventually it was so much stuff that they basically built new land by doing this.
They expanded the land out from digging all this stuff from the center of the island.
And they cut like a perfect rectangle. And they like actually like codified it and made it like stable ground.
And then all Battery Park is on a land lease. So like all the buildings were like,
I think they're leasing the land from the government.
And it's like the semi-planned thing.
But it's actually, I would say for a planned thing, it came out pretty good.
But it has the exact same problem, which all planned things have, which is, it's just brittle.
There's not really like the right type of businesses, like they're kind of in like weird locations.
Like the natural emergence of them didn't pop up.
Where for what it has, like it has really great parks like right on the water.
Like it's super nice in a lot of ways, but it feels totally different from the rest of New York,
where you can just like walk one foot and like run into like a great restaurant,
or like you can kind of get everything you need at arms reach.
This feels like something's like a little off.
It's also in New York. So there's that downside.
I mean, you have to live on Manhattan.
Well, we're going to get it.
Assuming you're coming, because you said we're going to New York in November.
And I'll try to show you a better time than you had before.
What are the dates?
We're going to get there.
Nope. So we're going to, we'll let's apply, help us book everything next week.
November 15th to the 20th is a plan.
15th to the 20th.
Yeah, I think, I think so.
I better double check with Casey, but I think it's clear.
I can't miss a terminal gathering.
That's like, I know.
Yeah.
What are you been doing?
Well, what's been going on?
What is happening on the internet?
Ask you what are you been doing?
Because you've basically fallen off the face of the earth.
No one has heard from you.
Yeah, I've been reflecting.
I think I do this every like six months.
I think I have like a, yeah, I'm done with Twitter.
I'm done with the internet.
I guess normally I'm a little more high touch.
Like, even if I drop off of Twitter, like with you.
We skipped the podcast last week.
So literally submitted the stat news app to the store this morning.
Wow.
Finally.
It was like this crazy crescendo to like, I hit the button and then it was like, I'm sorry.
You can't submit because you like track or something and you had to fill out this form and blah, blah, blah.
It was like this big rejection as soon as I hit the button.
It was so anti-climatic.
So then I had to spend an hour like doing a bunch of Apple paperwork, but then I submitted it.
So it's submitted.
It feels good.
They're going to reject it probably.
I mean, probably, no, honestly, too many web views.
I don't know how people do this.
So if we talked about mobile development on here much.
No, you probably, it's all probably fresh in your mind now.
It's very fresh in my mind.
It's such a, okay.
So the dilemma for us, like we have this giant website, right?
And it's been 10 years of building this giant website with all kinds of stuff.
Like visualizations, it's for statistics.
There's all kinds of different custom visualizations for different sports and like tons of just
UI that we would never want to rebuild on native app using native stuff, right?
Like we are the perfect case for using web views to have a native mobile app because people
constantly ask us for a native mobile app.
We want to say like, oh, the web, the mobile web experience is really good.
Just use it on your phone.
It's fine.
Like for the kind of site we have, it's like, it's fine.
It's like a Wikipedia style, like lots of links clicking the pages, whatever.
But people constantly badger us about having an app.
Like every announcement we make, there's like five replies to the tweet that are like, we
just want an app, bro.
Like everybody wants a mobile app.
So we're like, okay, fine.
We'll build a mobile app, but it's mostly going to be the web experience.
You're just going to have a little bit of native like navigation at the bottom.
And that's basically it.
So it's all these web views.
And I've talked to a few different like native development experts, if you will, and they've
given me the green light that this is a case where, yeah, it probably makes sense.
We're a small team.
Like we're not going to have a mobile developer that just does mobile development.
It probably makes sense to use web views.
Like I've gotten the sign off.
I'm not just like spitting in the face of every mobile developer.
So we have this case where it makes sense, but it's just terrible.
It's such a terrible experience to build a native app using these web views.
All the things you're used to doing in the web and sharing state and local storage and
cookies and sessions, it all of it is just like, ask backwards and broken.
And you can't do anything you want to do.
The amount of like effort to build one little thing on the mobile app compared to the web,
it's just insane.
And I don't know if it's just because of our use case.
We're trying to like shoehorn a web experience into a native app.
That's why we're having such a hard time.
Maybe if you're building like a purely native app and it's a totally different use case and
it's not an existing property on the web.
Maybe it's not this bad, but it's bad.
And like the web view is like a community project.
It's not like built in to react native used to be, I think, but then they spun it off and
it's this community thing.
The number of like quirky bugs for this being like, oh, it's cross platform.
It works on Android and iOS.
The number of things that just don't work on Android or don't work on iOS.
You can't use this flag on this, but you can on this.
It's a mess.
Okay.
Well, my question is does it makes like you guys use react native for this?
What about those frameworks that are really more oriented around this web stuff?
What are those frameworks?
Are you going to say like flutter?
In all these other words, I've heard people say and I've ignored for five years.
No, not five years.
Like before react native came out, there were all these like app development frameworks that
were just around the idea of like shipping web views.
But there's a bunch of them, right?
Like I'm trying to remember my blanking on any of the names, but they, so react native
is more oriented around.
Oh, we're going to help you build a native app just in a different way.
So I can see why maybe doing web view stuff in there.
They just don't care that much about because the whole point of doing react native is to
not do web stuff, I guess.
I'm blanking on like, was it like capacitor capacitors that there was, there's like a
bit, oh, ionic, ionic is one type of work.
Okay.
Yeah.
Why, why didn't you say this to me?
Like two months ago, Dax, three months ago.
Why are we just not talking about this?
This is not good.
Then I'm realizing like, well, I asked some expert stacks and they said I could just use
the web view and react native and then I realized I asked react native experts.
Should I use a web view and react native?
Yes.
And maybe if I want to ask, should I use react native, they would have said, no.
Oh man.
I have to say, yes, anyway, yeah, probably a new way to build and ship from mobile.
Oh my word.
If this is better and easier and I just could have saved a lot of hair.
Great.
Again, I don't know anything about this.
I've never used it, but positioning wise, it seems more related to like just straight
up using a web view.
Yeah.
I don't know how that relates to literally just pointing to an existing web app, which
is probably what you're doing, right?
You're not even like.
Yeah.
So building from scratch, it's like literally hitting custom pages on our website that are
kind of catered to this mobile experience, or in some cases, the same pages.
But I think that actually would still work because this is in JEX or in APIs and you can
just access them.
Yeah.
Because I feel like if anyone has spent time figuring out the problem that you had, it's
these people, which is because they're helping you build, ship a hybrid app or whatever.
So I'm going to look into it.
I do see on their website how you can also ship this ship to build apps across iOS, Android
and the web.
React Native does that too.
Why would you build?
Why in the world would you build a web app using React Native?
I saw the craziest demo recently.
Oh, there's reasons to do it.
It was cool.
Okay.
I mean, I can't share too much because I'm just going to blow up there.
Mmm.
It's one of those stuffs.
But stealthy.
You got an inside tip kind of things.
Yeah.
It was a really cool bringing together of several technologies.
One of them being React Native for web.
The reason being is you just want a single code base and you want to deploy the two,
three platforms.
I think in theory that's like, I can, I actually really considered it at one point for something
I'm building.
Really?
It doesn't just hamstring the web development so much.
Yeah.
But it depends on what you're building, if what you're building.
So for you guys, it's like, stat Muse is like the golden property.
And then this is like, it's like a side thing.
Okay.
So we're building a thing like, like, what was the famous app?
Was it Snapchat or Instagram that didn't even have like a web experience?
It was just mobile for the longest time.
They're like a huge billions of years or mobile.
Yeah, probably Snapchat, right?
And I don't remember them doing web stuff.
So maybe that case where the web is just kind of an afterthought.
Yeah.
Or like they're all equal.
I don't know.
I can see some productivity stuff being this case where you're equally excited to be able
to use it on the go as, I don't know, like, I mean, this, the clock, this simple example
was like a shopping list app.
Oh, I see.
That's like, you can see how like all three are kind of equal and it's not like you're
going to be doing crazy web stuff.
Yeah.
Okay.
I just can't imagine leaving behind things like next JS when I could build a website with
next JS.
That's just insane, but man, I can't wait for you guys to see this, this new thing.
Next JS killer confirmed.
Is that?
No, it just, I think we're finally just rotating back to stuff that's actually useful, like
yeah, I mean, it's, it's just like a great example of, again, using this react native
for web thing and just having a single code base that works across all three plus a few
other things that make it all nice.
Can you give me a hint about who it's who's doing this?
Is it someone we've heard of?
I've heard of.
I don't get how much.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'll tell you after.
Let's look for the, the Patreon subscribers now.
It's ready.
Okay.
So you've been working on this app and it sounds like it's been hell.
Are you done?
Do you feel like you're, I'm sure there's going to be a bunch of other issues.
I mean, the first release, we already have like fast follow releases to and three planned.
So such is life.
Do you feel like you'll ever just like be cool?
Just like, I'm cool with the pace things are going.
I mean, cool.
Cool.
But like my wife is like, why, why do you get so?
You'll like into each release.
Why do you push so hard to get this thing out the door when you just have more stuff
to do after that?
It's not like I'm just done.
So like, why can't I just take a nice, easy pace and just be like, I get done what I get
done every day.
Life is good.
I enjoy where I'm at in life.
Why can't I just be that way?
I think I have, I think I flip between those two modes.
Really?
Yeah.
Cause if you look at, I mean, if I think about SSD right now, we're definitely in the, so
we call it like dummy mode, it's like, it's a, cause like we don't, the phase we're in
right now, we don't have to use our brains too much.
We spent like six months building ion.
And that was like a lot of like kind of what you're talking about, like, you know, focused
effort and like, you know, pushing.
But now we've like done all the thinking.
And now every day we wake up, there's a bunch of issues.
We just fix them one by one and they're all like pretty straightforward, bugs, new features,
whatever.
Like we don't have to, like the order we do them doesn't matter.
Like we're just totally reactive and we just have to do everything.
And if we do this for six months, we'll look back and I'll be like a very polished product
with a lot of stuff.
So it feels more relaxed in that I'm not like having all these existential questions of
like, who are we?
What are what we want to do?
You know?
Yeah.
I feel that shifts.
So I don't feel like I'm always in.
Yeah.
I'm not always.
I guess I go through, it's all about the like release calendar.
Like if we have a target day, like we're trying to get something out for a certain time frame,
then the closer it gets that time frame, the more stress, the more I push.
And then after that, I'll go through a few weeks where I'm like, it's the beginning of
every new phase is like pretty chill.
Like I'm still getting stuff done, but it's just like, I'm not freaking out every day.
Like I'm, I got to get this done.
That's probably normal, I guess, I think is like, we don't really have releases like
that.
Like, you're just, you're just always continuously releasing.
C I C D. C I C D. Yeah.
You shipped a production like 15 times a day, you don't even think about it anymore.
Twice.
Well, it's easy for us because the thing we release is a CLI, which is version.
So like, if it's broken and it's fine, just go back to the previous version.
Yeah.
Web apps, not so much.
When you release the web app, everyone gets the web app.
Yeah.
So that's kind of nice.
I just finished and I just run one command and it's out and I don't really think about
anything.
It breaks.
I'll just do another one.
Yeah.
It's just different, but I do think that we do have moments where we're like doing a
more like release oriented thing and it is good because it kind of forced us to go faster
than we normally would or like, like there's a good impact to that.
I just don't think we can be in like that all the time.
No, can't be like that.
It always, but it feels like to me and to my family when we're in the thick of it, it
feels like this is how it always is.
Like I got to chill out because this is always, we're always pushing, but then we're not.
We forget when we come off of it.
There are periods of relative chill.
Speaking of relative chill, did you see relative chill at home, did you see Amazon return to
office thing?
Oh, I did.
And a bunch of people, I saw people leave like big names.
Chris Nunn's left.
I saw other big names people announce they're leaving AWS.
Is that all over the RTO?
I actually saw the people say they were leaving before I saw the return.
Yeah, so I don't know how related it is.
I mean, they've been bleeding people for a while, so yeah, much, much big continuation
of that.
But yeah, I think they said officially backed five days in the office and everyone's really
angry and has a lot of discussion going on about it.
Do you know what it was before that?
Three.
But like, so you had to live in Seattle.
You had to be near an office three days in your hub.
And now it's you have to be where your team is, which is likely not, or not where you
live.
Oh, so lots of people are having to go back to Seattle potentially, like where their
team existing.
They got to commute.
That sucks.
I mean, for them, I would never work at a place where I had to live somewhere specific.
15 years now, nobody's telling me where to live at this point.
Yeah.
I'm totally on the evil side of this, like everyone's going to hate my thoughts on this.
Oh, you think it's good.
I saw your, I saw your contrarian take.
When I see it takes like that, when you say stuff like that, I just think like, do you
really believe that?
Or you just want to be the opposite of what everyone else is saying?
Is it both?
No, I've been annoyed by this forever.
And a lot of it is like personal and irrational, but I do think I also have a rational case.
Like you, I've worked mostly remote my whole career.
A lot of time was as a consultant, I've seen a lot of companies, almost none of them do
remote well.
And almost none of them do remote well, that makes sense.
I will only ever work for remote companies.
So I'm willing to, you know, sacrifice the ability to work at a lot of these places that,
you know, pay a lot because they require to be in the office and that's been my position
for a long time.
Yep.
I don't think a company like Amazon that never intended to be remote, that kind of offered
this very stable, straightforward path of like making a lot of money.
I can see why them just flipping to remote overnight doesn't work out.
Yeah.
Right.
When I was like, a lot of these companies, like the motivation isn't very high than the
relationship is, how do I do the least amount of work while still getting what I need?
And there's a contention and that's like, at these big companies, that's kind of how
it is.
I think when you go to remote overnight, it just swings really hard in one way.
And they probably, did they do it in 2020, did they do the COVID?
Is that why?
Yeah.
It was all because of COVID.
Uh huh.
And there's like, there's different people at fault for that, like some of it's a company,
some of it's a people that are working there, but they're like, just like my employees.
But the arguments that people make of why Amazon is doing this, they're not very good.
They're like, weird conspiracy theories.
I'm sure some of it is because they get to like, it's like a free layoff, like, it's
a way to pay back your workforce, like make some cuts with that.
I don't like that.
I'm not going to say that's not a case, but it's like a random layoff and like, yeah,
being willing to just like randomly lose people is like, it's kind of a stretch.
I think, but I acknowledge, okay, maybe that that is there somewhere.
I've definitely seen the extreme, uh, conspiracy theories, like commercial real estate, like
somehow they're in coats, like it's like, it's, it's, it's not that.
It's like if that.
Yeah.
So when people start talking like that, I know like, you just want, you just like got
remote for free and you like don't really want to fight for it.
And you want to have some like thing to complain for.
If you really want to work remote and you care about that, quit and go find a place,
like be good enough to go find a place that is like, hell yeah, why are you?
And this just refers back to how it used to be, which is I were for a bunch of companies
that were not remote.
I went and I interviewed and I got them really excited about me, then I had to negotiate
letting me promote.
And that was hard and annoying.
And oftentimes it was a no, but yeah, you can still pull it off if like you really care
about it.
Yeah.
So that's one side, I mean, that's like the personal side where I'm just like, I just
find the complaints around as annoying, like you care about it, like you can make it happen.
Right?
Yeah.
Then the other side is, I think Amazon is just needs to reset, like, I think any kind
of big change is probably going to be good for them, like especially AWS.
If we look back over the last four or five years, like, I feel like things have been kind
of different.
Like they haven't really shipped as much like they really seem to be lagging.
It's like this, there's just like a lack of cohesion and they're like falling behind in
a bunch of places.
So any kind of reset for them, I think would be good.
Yes, that means losing a bunch of good people and there's going to be pain in the short
term.
But I think that will be just, I just think that's probably good for them.
They probably way over hired during COVID.
That was definitely a thing.
Yeah.
Cause like the internet usage kind of soared during COVID, right?
So internet companies may be over hired or no.
Yeah.
So it was also just money was cheap too and free flowing, so like, I'm sure like any
decision that, you know, there's a 20% chance of make the decision and it probably turns
like an 80% chance and it just, yeah, bloated everything and yeah, that's why you have this
nice cushy job.
It's because of that over hiring.
So at some point, there's going to be a correction.
Do you have any opinions on whether the, you said the last few years that AWS has kind
of been falling behind and just like kind of a mess, a drift, do you think it lines up
with Jassy leaving?
Like I had Slipsky in there and then now this new guy, like do you think it's a leadership
problem or just random and who cares?
I have no idea.
Cause I just don't know any of the details.
Yeah.
I do wonder if Jassy was really good at everything.
I mean, he's now the Amazon CEO, right?
Yeah.
So it must be really good at everything.
Again, I don't know if it was, if it's like, I just don't know, like they might just be
at a certain, maybe they're sort of making money too easily, like that's also like a
weird dynamic that that's just stuff.
Yeah.
You don't have to fight for it anymore.
Just kind of like getting fat and happy and yeah, they're making a hundred billion dollars
revenue a year.
It's still growing.
Like that's pretty outrageous numbers.
When you say they fall in behind, you think, are you talking like, like the cloud flares
of the world, like in the serverless kind of ways, like the new edge or new era app development
ways or what kind of things come to your mind when you say it, if this is fun behind.
Because I would say they think they fall in behind on a AI.
And so they've hard pivoted to everything about AI they can possibly do.
Yeah.
No, but that is it.
That actually is true.
Like why like they should be leading AI really.
I don't think they need to reorient their whole business around it, but like, yeah, it
is weird.
They just were completely caught.
Yeah.
I just don't see them.
Same way that Apple too.
Yeah.
A lot of the big companies.
I mean, I just don't see them leading, you know, in a lot of places in terms of like pushing
how we do things, like, you know, pushing the bar on that they're not like lowering prices
as much as they used to.
They're not like, didn't they have didn't actually raise prices on something like the
first time.
The first time ever they raised something I can't remember what it was inflation.
Yeah.
I'm just even getting the big things.
Sorry.
I'm just not feeling that thing I'm looking for where I'm like, Oh yeah, there's a lot
of energy here and pushing and they're thinking about, you know, disrupting their own products
and all that.
There are like exceptions.
I do think there's some stuff coming out that is going to be interesting, but it's
been a couple of reinvents that were kind of underwhelming, like a couple of years of
like, I don't know, I didn't leave reinvent being like, man, life is just going to keep
getting better.
Yeah, exactly.
So I just think they need to reset whatever big disruption they need to do is probably
good.
Yeah.
So I guess I always thought, well, I start my career mode as well.
And I always thought like, especially leading up when the COVID stuff happened and everybody,
it was like, oh, it's accelerating the transfer to all of us being remote.
I had this assumption that it was like better and that over time, more and more people would
work from home.
And I think what you're saying is, is reminding me, that's not true.
Like it's not for everybody.
It's not for every company.
And it seemed like all the articles came out when COVID hit that like, this is just going
to accelerate the work from home movement and everyone's going to be remote in five
years.
And turns out everyone's being sent back to the office five years later.
Yeah, it's going back to where it used to be, which is if you can get a company really,
really excited about you, they'll still let you work remote.
And if it's the right kind of company, like to your point, an Amazon probably doesn't
make sense to be a largely remote workforce.
It's like, is it just big companies?
Is it just like when you're a company at Amazon scale, is it just harder to be remote?
If you didn't, I guess, like you said, if you didn't start, we're not okay.
So I'll give you like the dynamics because our team is remote.
You're three people.
What that decks and Amazon's about what three million people I don't know.
Yeah.
Well, I think if I explain dynamics, I could actually clearly explain why, like, yeah.
It's going to be extra hard for a company like Amazon.
When we work remote, what that looks like is work infiltrates way more of our life because
we don't have clock in, clock out.
We message each other all kinds of day, like time, like we're working out with like it
just, it, we really let it take over way more of our life than we normally would.
So weirdly for us, working remote means we're like working a lot more and we're more engaged.
But that's built on the idea of all of us being extremely motivated because we're, this
is like our company.
Yeah.
Right.
Like we're all innately.
You got steak.
100x more motivated than I tried to explain this to Casey the other day.
I still am having this conversation with Casey about how I don't just have a normal job.
Like I have skin in the game, I have a steak and everything I work on.
You know what I mean?
And it's beyond just like a financial stake.
It's like, it's like a, it's like a part of identity.
Right.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
I'm sure we have hopes and dreams for it outside of financial success.
So we're extremely motivated.
So when we work remote, it just like, it's like super charges how much, you know, it like
infiltrates our lives.
Now if you remove the motivation, I think you have the opposite problem, which is now
it's very easy to like not do that, like not really do as much work.
Yeah.
So at these, I mean, a side effect of being large is it's really hard to motivate your
workforce.
Yeah.
So yeah, I can see why they struggle with that.
Do they just know like in leadership at big companies, they just know that like ultimately
we get like 10% of an employees effort that they would be giving it a startup.
But if we have a million of them, that's enough.
Yeah.
Everyone like lies to themselves.
And it like, you know, that thing that like work always inflates the time you have.
So it always feels like everyone's doing as much as they possibly can.
So this is what like when they talk about corporate culture and like principles and
all this stuff, it's to like basically it's religion.
You're trying to like brainwash everyone under you to like just to get that 10% out of them
so that everyone's not just completely checked out doing nothing.
Is that the idea or the money is the motivator?
Sorry.
I'm answering my own question.
I remember when I was young, I remember my dad saying that, yeah, if you have someone
in the office and they spend 40% of their time working, that's like very good.
That's like, you should be really happy with that.
And so yeah, I think it just accepted.
There's just like, there's always going to be like this tension of one party trying to
get as much out of it, the other party trying to get as little trying to put as little work
out there as possible and like you arrive at some middle ground.
It's so foreign being a startup founder and like you, we've just only worked for ourselves
on things for ourselves.
We work 100% of the time and then like cut into our life sometimes to work more because
the thing needs more attention.
Like there's no moment in my, or is it like comms and stuff?
Are they just saying like the 40% doesn't include like all the wasted time like breaks
and communication and meetings?
Yeah.
Whatever it is, like it's just there's like room for, there's like wiggle room for you
to like do more or less and I think that's, that's kind of what I'm not saying.
Yeah.
But do you feel like you spend 100% of your time working?
Like I feel like, well, no, but I think the difference is there's no one for me to scan,
you know, back when I was more in consulting, yeah, I was playing that game of like, how
can I build the most hours with the least amount of work?
Of course.
Like a natural incentive.
Yeah.
But it's like eating sugar.
Like the customer.
You're trying to be the most efficient.
Your body's just trying to get the most dense thing for the least effort.
Yeah.
And that's just a natural state of things.
But now when you're doing your own thing, there's no one to like, there's no one to
scan.
Pull that off.
You know, you're just going to get your scamming yourself.
Yeah.
All that stuff just goes away.
I just, I can't imagine like only spending 40% of my day.
Like moving things forward, whatever work is like, that must be nice, I guess, is what
I would say, working for other people and just clocking in and clocking out or parts
that are nice.
Yeah.
That's a trade off.
Like you have to do that and then you lose a bunch of other stuff, but, uh, but that's
kind of why I don't like this whole, it feels entitled for people to be like, no, we should
let us work remote.
It's like, you're trying to have everything like you can't, you can't have an easy job
and have like the exact type of life you want to just cab everything.
It's so true.
And it like especially, like I especially don't care because like these are engineers
at Amazon, like you're not, you're making an increasing amount of money or this stuff
and to be like, right, to have like this like weird, like pet, like moral pedestal you were
standing on about like working remote, like, yeah, it does get kind of moral, doesn't it?
Like people start like attacking the company, like they just committed a hate crime.
I mean, it's like, how dare they also at the company is just made of employees like you
that are making these decisions.
Yeah.
Right.
It's your peers.
Ultimately.
Yeah.
Like it's the decision.
So, you know, it just, I have little that it like just draws a little empathy from me because
like these are like, this is like a very privileged category of people.
Like I don't really care about this struggle, you know?
So this podcast is long enough now like two, two years, no, how long have we been doing
this two years almost two years?
That's crazy.
I'm getting distracted by my, my qualifier at the beginning of this statement.
It's long enough now, but I feel like we should check in every once in a while on the cycle.
Where are we at?
I've asked you this probably in the last three months, but like have things come off
of the quantitative easing interest or zero interest rate era, like has the collapse from
all that come yet?
Or is it still waiting?
Are we still pending?
Yeah.
I have no idea.
Well, they just cut rates yesterday, officially.
Oh, they did.
0.5.
That's something.
Yeah.
So was it priced in or did the market just for a little bit just finally go down a little
bit?
Yeah.
No kidding.
Did the, did the market like blow up and go up a thousand points in?
But it's so like, to me, it's a lot like, you know, how like comedies be straight forward
and like we even that did sarcasm, then we went to like double sarcasm and then triple
sarcasm.
Everything is like so, so layered now.
Yeah.
It feels that way with the market also.
It's like that news is good news, but then no, we go back to good news is good news and
now back to that, you know, it just keeps looking because it's like, yeah, the possibility
of a rate cut causes prices to go up because we're excited that money is big as they thought
it'd be crashing.
When it just happens, now the possibility is gone, so everyone's cashing into the prices
go down.
It's just like, but like that can circle like wrap around again.
So yeah, the market is so untethered from events forgetting about the market, then how
do you feel about like the economy, capital E, you know, the economy, mostly in the tech
world?
I don't care about it.
I mean, I do, but I don't all this stuff is just so funny because the technical problem
we've had is that our economy is too good.
Mm.
Like that's the problem we've had over the last couple of years and it's it's easy for
people to like forget that because we always talk about it in a negative way.
I never knew that.
Could you please explain?
It's too good.
Well, like why is inflation high is because there's a lot of money is because unemployment
is low.
It's because people are making a lot of money and spending a lot of it and it's outpacing
our supply.
So what's wrong with inflation?
Well, if you haven't overheated economy, I mean, the problem is like you can exhaust
like, okay, the root problem is we don't have enough stuff.
That's the root problem.
Oh, we don't have enough stuff for the amount of people that can on paper afford it.
So what the Fed has been trying to do for the past couple of years is actually make
our economy worse on purpose by making money less available by like targeting an increase.
This is what's so funny.
Like the president will always like tell unemployment numbers, he'll be like, Oh, unemployment is
like every month.
Yeah.
President is like record low unemployment, but on the flip side, the Fed is like, fuck,
it's too low.
They're trying to like increase it, you know, they're trying to increase unemployment.
So yeah, so the Fed is trying to lower the amount of consumption that's happening.
So we can either get smoother transition while like these supply gaps are fixed.
Okay.
And that's the state.
We've been it.
And it's been exaggerated in tech because, you know, that's where all like the future
facing investment goes in.
So when the Fed slows down tries to like make the economy less overheated, the most overheated
places have a drastic, you know, reaction.
Why?
Okay.
We can't just let it.
I feel so dumb.
This is so hard for me to track.
They can't just let it keep overheating to infinity because we don't have enough stuff
to consume.
Yeah.
And it's kind of like climate change.
There's like a run, there's like runaway effects and feedback loops and you start to
get into hyperinflation, which is like not recoverable.
Okay.
Oh, I've heard of this.
That's happened in some countries, right?
They want like a smoother transition.
That's what their goal has been.
With their transition to just normal flation, not inflated, not deflated, just flation.
We just want a plain old garden variety flation regular online.
Exactly.
Okay.
Yeah.
So it's weird.
So the past couple of years, we're like, you know, jobs with like the tech where like
people are making less money and like there's less jobs and it's all this like negative
economic sentiment.
The actual problem is that it's, uh, it was overheated.
So when you say a smooth transition, it's, if they don't do anything, it'll be a crash
transition.
It'll like fall to a deflated state or something.
I mean, they're concerned about hyperinflation, which is there's like historical examples
of what that are actually concerned about it.
Okay.
That was a concern.
Yeah.
I mean, we did print a lot of money.
So we need to like let the economy absorb that slowly.
Okay.
Is it working?
Are they taking steps that are working?
Yes.
It's surprising.
But I think I've always felt like interventions were very ineffective or like had second order
effects and it's kind of hard to, you know, like intervene in a complex system like this,
but it feels like the Fed like kind of orchestrated it pretty well.
Like inflation is come is has is now down to where the goals are.
We didn't have like this runaway thing.
Really?
Again, hard to say it was literally exactly what they did.
But yeah, I mean, we all feel bad about the tech sector, but like, what are we comparing
it to?
Like comparing it to like a hyperinflated 2020 2021 state.
Wait, what do we feel bad about?
We feel bad about the tech sector?
I didn't feel bad.
So I want to know what everyone else feels bad about that I missed.
No, we're like, Oh, there's less jobs and like, you know, like we people aren't able
to make as much money, but it's all relative to like this overheated state.
So yeah, I don't know.
So I don't know where anything's going.
I, I just feel like whatever state we were in a couple of years ago, I don't we've had
a contraction.
I don't know if it's going to keep going.
I don't see how it gets back to that, that state that originally, yeah, if you're in
the top X percent of people in this industry, it largely doesn't affect you.
Yeah.
Okay.
So I want to I want to talk about what you've been up to on Twitter because I've literally
been on so little that I haven't seen your 30 tweets today, because you just like tell
me some of the bangers, like what's been going on, or just what's going on with our friends.
Just catch me up.
I don't know.
Are you just like done?
You're just not going to come back.
It's kind of to be honest, it's kind of nice to just like wake up and program and then be
done and then wake up and program and like not think about the internet and all that's
going on on Twitter or whatever.
Like I haven't thought about what's happening on Twitter and I don't know how long until
just now, which I would like to hear from you, you know, is there anything I've missed
that was really fun?
No, it's just the same old, same old stuff, you know, prime and teach had DHH on just copy
on us.
Now DHH has officially done the terminal tour clean sleep, both podcasts.
I called him a moron yesterday.
Who DHH or Brian?
Yeah.
No DHH.
Do you change a moron?
What for?
He was like DHH was like, man, these YouTube comments are really nice.
Usually there's people that, you know, reply calling me a moron.
That's what replied to him.
Moron.
That's a good one.
Which, you know, that wasn't the first time I had a single word tweet that said moron.
I searched my history.
I think I've done it before and I've had a bunch of them and they probably weren't inviting
it the other time.
No, no, no.
Yeah.
Moron replied.
I think it was really good.
It's just the same old.
Yeah, there was just funny thing I saw yesterday, which I loved.
So you know how postmark, I don't know if you've ever been following all this postmark stuff,
but they got acquired a bit ago.
What's the email?
Yeah.
They had like some pretty crazy downtime and it's, it seems like a result of they got acquired
and like companies been like stripped down and it's just not a good product anymore.
And the recent CEO like replies, replied to them being like, or like there's some like
postmark downtime thing.
And the recent CEO replied being like, switch over recent blah, blah, blah, and he like
links to something.
He's like, just going to drop this here.
Then Wes boss replies being like, well, if you're just going to drop that there, you should
also drop this there, which is like all of recent's downtime issues.
Because a recent was a game that's chasing basically like being like postmarkers down
use us, but then recent is like a crazy amount of downtime, including stuff they haven't even
like officially written out.
Like there was one thing from a couple of weeks ago.
I have grown to really dislike recent and that company in general.
They are just yet another company that are just spending stupid amounts of money on stuff
that's irrelevant.
And at the end of the day, they're just building yet another rapper of SES like this is really
an interesting conversation right now, the just the multiple angles.
It's so interesting.
It's like you go and you're like, I'm going to found a company.
This is like a very big decision in your life, like it's your career, you decided it's going
to be a venture scale thing.
Again, another big decision.
If it works out, you're going to spend the next 10 years of your life working on this
thing.
And you're like, I'm going to build a thing that sends email.
That's like what you're going to do of all that.
And to me, it's just like what a waste of resources, effort, whatever.
And it's just, you know, people have done this before, there's a million email things
like, yeah, just because you like wrap it in this fancy design, they have this like philosophy
page about their like this like really pretentious design, like these are philosophy on like
products in life.
And like we believe that documentation should be good.
And we believe that they have a whole section on how they're like, uptime should be like
water.
Like just like crazy shit like that.
It's funny to have that section when like they've literally had the worst downtime I've
seen.
And I'm going to defend this person because I love Dracula.
I use it on everything.
It's my keyboard theme, like my physical keycaps Dracula made Dracula, he did.
Is it dark?
You are a Dracula, Dracula, Dracula.
Okay.
Yeah.
Just going to defend him for that reason.
That's fine.
Because he wants to buy some terminal coffee for his team.
You know what?
Maybe we could do a Dracula coffee.
I would love to do this actually just to spite you.
We do a Dracula themed terminal coffee partnership with your favorite CEO.
I'm just like, it's the product.
Yeah.
It's kind of like, I'm just tired.
Like this playbook.
Yeah.
That's not the only start.
There's a lot of startups doing similar, like low, it's like not having your sides high,
like kind of aiming for medium outcomes and like doing the whole startup thing.
Yeah.
It's just like, and then it just creates a ton of noise.
So the other thing is going back to their downtime, the last downtime was because their
AWS account, I'm going to actually make a quick little short about this later because
I've been trying to figure out how to explain this.
So their last downtime was because their SES sending got banned in US East 1, which gives
you the hint that they just have a single AWS account and they put all their customers
in there, which if you are trying to be an infrastructure provider, I hope you at least
understand why you should just use a single AWS account for this reason.
But this brings up like a more root problem, which is AWS built a one giant system and
they solve the multi tenant problem.
You can go sign up for AWS.
You can use a bunch of resources.
It's okay if somebody else is also using AWS and they use it for something sketchy, what
they like, have a ton of traffic, it doesn't affect you.
They have built a multi tenant system, which means a lot of work and they solve that problem.
Then you have these middlemen come in where they sign up for one AWS account and they put
all their customers in it and all of a sudden all these problems come back.
It's like, I'm assuming their stuff got blocked because one recent customer did something crazy
and it affected all of them and they'll spend the next six months like fixing this problem
that was already fixed and they're right a bunch of blog posts about, hey, we've solved
all this crazy stuff for you.
It's like no, you just, it just was already solved like this wasn't a problem.
And so much of effort is going into this, this thing is kind of re-solving these same
problems again.
And yeah, I don't believe any like cloud wrapper companies and you have to like be intelligent
enough about a company and know enough about a company to know whether they really are
just like this third layer cloud wrapper like planet scale, not a cloud wrapper.
They're an actual business.
They build actually great technology and they happen to use cloud resources for that.
But there's a difference like, there's so many startups that got funded in this kind
of like, I don't know why I say third layer.
What's the first layer?
I don't know.
I'm considering like the public clouds.
The second layer.
I don't know what the first layer is.
Just that's my terminology.
Okay.
It's the third layer.
First layer is like electricity, atoms, whatever.
Yeah, the first layer is the layer that God works with and then the second layer is where
AWS comes in.
Okay.
And then the third layer is recent and versatile.
And I just don't believe in those companies.
I just think they're all going to die.
What's funny is during this recent thing or like, because everyone was looking for post
Mark alternatives and recent kept coming up, again, to me, it's extremely obvious when
there's accompanying this category, but apparently it's not super obvious.
But you know, who has a good nose for it is levels because levels is like what the fuck
like this just seems like another he calls it VC pump and dump like described in a bunch
of ways.
Yeah.
So he has a great nose for it.
But the thing that he's wrong about is he always frames it as the VCs are scamming you.
No, the VCs are losing money on this too.
I guarantee you they are going to end the end lose money on all of this.
These are not like super smart.
Like that's a one thing he's wrong about like there.
Yeah.
No one's making money.
All of these resources.
Yeah.
Yes.
Exactly.
Yeah.
I'm with you.
So that was going on.
I've just been bugging me or it's been I'm just like tired of this same story over and
over again.
Yeah.
I haven't really been on the Internet since we did the whole American thing to do based
switch over to PHP.
Is everyone right?
Blair Vell now?
Did we do our job?
There are a lot of comments being like, oh man, I'm sure a lot of people checked it out
that they hadn't had it before and then they were like, oh, he looks like that.
Never mind.
I'm just kidding.
We love PHP.
PHP.
So great.
By artisan coffee.
Terminal dot shop.
You know what I'd like to do someday?
I'd like to like get so good at an ad read that like it seems like it's just a prerecorded
ad read, but I'm actually saying it exactly the same every time.
Does that make sense?
That'd be fun.
Like, and then maybe throw in one little change, like one little intonation.
Yeah.
Just like it could have just automated this could have just recorded it and played the
same thing.
But instead I'm going to say it every time, oh, let's take a break.
Hi, this is totally Adam, the host of the podcast reminding you in this sponsor read
that is clearly not a prerecorded bit that you should check out terminal coffee at terminal
dot shop.
Amazingly awesome products for developers brought to you by a group of talented, good
looking and humble heroes like Dax, Adam, the prime agent, Deedge and David to order
your next great coffee.
Please visit terminal dot shop.
I'm sorry, I just remembered I should do that sometimes.
That's what you do on podcast.
We're going to take a break for the podcast.
Like why do people take breaks?
Do they like need a break?
Do podcasts take breaks?
Oh, yeah.
I don't listen to podcast.
I just go listen to podcast.
I can tell you they do things on podcast that they don't actually believe me.
That's funny.
No, they're always like, we're going to take a break.
And then they just come right back.
And I'm like, did they have to pee?
Could they not have just cut that out?
Like I don't know what to break it.
Yeah.
Okay.
So the, the other thing.
Oh, what were you just talking about?
PHP, Laravel.
Oh, yeah.
So I've been doing a bunch of elixir.
I searched really.
By the way.
Oh, yeah.
Two days into it, a little hurt that you didn't notice.
I was in there.
50% of the screen.
You were, you were in there.
Okay.
Yeah.
Whatever.
You said something about tailwind, if I recall correctly.
I just find an opportunity to just show tailwind at every turn.
Well, I'm stuck using tailwind.
So I'm using elixir and phoenix and light.
I'm trying to use all that stuff for the thing I'm building.
But I had to post yesterday about this.
So I've used elixir for a very long time.
So I know how to write elixir.
I'm like very familiar with it.
I've done some pretty like deep things with it.
But it's my first time using like the batteries included like out of the box.
Same experience.
Yeah.
All that stuff.
Phoenix and all that.
Yeah.
And man, is it it is not a good onboarding experience.
Like there is just so much going on.
It uses like a crazy amount of macros.
So it's like really hard.
Macros basically let you invent magic in the language basically.
Yeah.
And it's just like so hard.
There's like, there's just so much thrown at you right away.
We're just spoiled with next chance.
Let's be honest.
I mean, the meta frameworks have really taken it to another level in JavaScript.
Sorry.
That was double sarcasm.
I don't know if everyone caught that.
Or was it triple?
It might have been triple.
I'm not sure.
Go ahead.
So I'm like, okay, what this, these frameworks, I think they don't have this competitive
pressure where they need to like really focus on this progressive disclosure thing.
So after using for two days, I'm like, oh, the way to do this is I have to go pick up
a book on Phoenix and by view and just read it.
It was just fine.
Like I've done that a bunch of times before, but that just not optimized for adoption.
Whereas if you look at something like, let's take a show, whatever, you know, they're entering
this like hyper competitor market.
They're way better about like here's like a really small starting point.
You can kind of get a handle of things and you kind of progressively add stuff and like
you kind of grow with it.
Is it just the competition?
It's just, there's so much more competition in JavaScript world because there's a framework
every week.
Is that the idea?
I think I'm, that's like my explanation, like, like to explain the differences.
I just think that we've got some like we've put in so much work to make it so SST is one
file.
Like that was so much work to like get it to that point, like years of refining and figuring
that out.
So you can start with a single file and then get more complex over time.
Yeah, and you start like a Phoenix app and it's like so many files.
And that's not even enough.
You like start that, then like run all these generators to generate even more files.
And it's just like, geez, so much though, not you.
And it's so the different, like such a different mindset than what we're like, what we like
spend all day thinking about.
So yeah, I think these frameworks would benefit a lot if they like rethought their process
of, yeah, how can we make this feel like a natural progression where someone can tinker,
learn as opposed to feeling like, I like learn all this stuff up front and then actually
build my thing.
Because I'm like, as someone that's like, and like has usually extra a lot.
If I'm having a tough time getting through this, like it's a good sign that needs to
be improved.
I will say I do think the like MVC, MVVM, like if your framework still uses those paradigms,
I just don't think people have the attention span in 2024 to like use that.
You know what I mean?
The Phoenix app we had at Stat News is giant, giant Phoenix app.
The number of files in that app just boggles the mind.
I guess it's like our node modules.
It's like insanely verbose amount of files and it's all the MVC stuff, I guess.
And same, I saw people criticizing Laravel now that Laravel got a little more attention
for the same.
It's like, there's so many files.
I can't, I can't wrap my head around all this.
I guess JavaScript world, we've, we've paired it down.
There's still too many files.
I mean, there's too many like stupid dot files in your root directory for like all the
different tools, but well, you have to add those in.
Yeah.
You have to opt in.
I played people for that.
Yeah.
I played people for all this stacks, but I do think like the MVC thing is just, it's
too archaic feeling at this point.
I don't know.
Do you agree with that?
Or do you think it's like good pattern?
Do that?
I just don't know what the alternative is.
If you're doing a, well, what are we doing in JavaScript?
We've got an alternative.
We don't, we don't do MVC.
I don't, I just don't like do server render JavaScript.
So like I just don't mean driven design, right?
Yeah.
To be honest, I learned all the domain driven design stuff from Elixir like this, the Phoenix
documentation on context is where like a couple of all the stuff I do in JavaScript.
Yeah.
I don't know when I'm talking about that.
I'm okay with the final set of files being large.
I think I'm technically okay with that.
I understand there's a lot of capability in there.
And that's why it's all there.
Like if you say there's too many files, you're going to say, well, your framework doesn't
can't do X, Y, Z things, so fine, I'll give them that those files are necessary.
I just want to like get there over time, like I want to be like, okay, I want to do events
now.
And then I start to add the files later to events.
I don't want it's all like bootstrapped and set up and like kind of confusing me when
I'm not interested.
Yeah.
Like 90% of the stuff that's there.
So to me, it's purely an onboarding initial adoption experience thing, whether it's not
too many files in there, I think that's kind of subjective because people will argue, well,
I need those.
That's so reasonable, Dax.
I'm going to be so reasonable.
I'm just trying to be inflammatory.
I'm just trying to not have annoying people reply to you with annoying thoughts.
That's really all it comes down to.
People have really stupid surface level replies to things.
And if I'm not specific, I will get those.
It's inevitable.
I'll get them anyway.
Yeah.
I feel like you became too much of a character on the internet.
You got to lay a little lower.
You became a little too like people want to, they want to say things to you in reply.
People don't really care to say anything to reply.
Maybe because I just talk about like eating plants and jiu-jitsu and stuff and they don't
have anything to say.
But I've laid low enough that I don't really get the angry replies.
And if I do, I guess I don't notice because I'm not on Twitter.
I don't know.
Well, I'm currently thinking about going in one of two directions.
Like, yeah, so that's one option.
We described.
But then when I think about like DHH and levels, I'm like, they're like way more harder than
I am.
Yeah.
And I'm like, should I just do that?
Lean in.
Maybe.
Can't tell.
Who knows?
All right.
I got to get off here.
I'm sorry.
I'm staring it.
I've gotten distracted.
Staring it.
The waiting for review on the app thing.
And I have to make changes to the web thing because our thing uses the web.
And if I don't make those changes, it's not really ready.
Just go, go, go.
You know?
Okay.
Well, before you go for our event in New York, we need to figure out some stuff with you.
Oh, yeah.
Let's figure it out.
Let's do it now.
No, no, no, not right now.
Okay.
Me and Liz need to talk to you a bunch about a few things because there's like the production
of it itself is going to be a little tricky.
So I just want to like talk through that to make sure that love it.
We're going to have some staff at the venue.
Ooh.
Staff.
Like a butler.
Like a nature D.
I don't know.
What are staff?
No, like like tech people like tech.
Oh.
Because they have like.
Nice.
I like this idea.
Wait, are we just doing an iPhone though?
Can we just record everything on iPhone now?
Is that what we decided?
Well, I'm getting my new iPhone tomorrow.
That makes sense.
There you go.
We'll just record on your new iPhone.
No, no, no, no, no.
No, no, no.
Cameras.
DSLR.
The whole thing.
I don't know.
We need to talk about it.
I'll talk.
Yeah.
Let's talk.
You and your people will talk to me and my people can begin big and bottle be my people
and you and Liz or your people have a DM with the with all you guys that nobody's replied
to.
Yeah.
I hearted it or something.
I did something.
I don't even think vegan checks that slack.
So I don't know how we're going to.
Maybe not.
I don't even know if he's confirmed going like it's.
It's going to be a message.
I got to find that message.
Was that in?
Oh, it's in slack.
I forget.
We're a slack company now.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm going to say something in it right now.
You start doing real things.
You have to be a slack company.
Yeah.
We're doing real things.
Real things.
I thumbs up and hearted it.
Thank you very much.
I'm good.
Thanks, Dax.
Thanks for the thumbs up and the heart.
You're welcome.
There's more where that came from.
More laughy faces.
I'm crying laughing faces.
No, I do this a lot.
Okay.
All right.
See you.
Yeah.
[BLANK_AUDIO]